Move the glossary to the repo (#120)
scpwiki/wikijump: docs/glossary.md

| Official Term  | Wikidot Term | Other Terms | Definition |
|----------------|--------------|-------------|------------|
| Site           |              | Wiki        | A subdomain of Wikijump which has an independent wiki, with its own pages, staff, and settings. |
| Page           |              | Article     | The main data unit of Wikidot, containing wikitext and metadata, and existing at exactly one particular URL at a time. |
| Slug           | UNIX name    | Fullname    | The "file" portion of a page's URL, always in [Wikidot normal form](https://scuttle.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/WD/pages/541655041/Wikidot+Normal+Form). |
| Normalization  | `toUnixName`, `unixify` |  | The process of converting a string into Wikidot normal form. |
| Page category  |              |             | A particular namespace a page may exist in. Denoted by the part of a slug before the `:`. If a colon is absent, then the page is in category `_default`. |
| Wikitext       | Source       | Wikidot code, ftml | The textual representation of the contents of a page. |
| Vote           |              |             | An individual vote cast on a page, along with its timestamp and user information. |

> | Score          | Rating       |             | The calculated result of all the votes presently active on a page. This is **not** necessarily the same as `ups - downs`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Score          | Rating       |             | The calculated result of all the votes presently active on a page, per the site's chosen scoring algorithm. |
| Rating         | Rating       |             | Wikidot's simple scoring algorithm, equivalent to the sum of `upvotes - downvotes`. |
```
